In my time as a clinician, and now as a coach, I have had the honor of being invited inside of hundreds of minds in a way that most people will never be privy to. I've come to understand a great deal about what it is like to be all different kinds of human and I've noticed several beliefs that I find hard to understand and which I really hope to help extinguish in our shared society. The one I want to talk about today is not usually a directly communicated belief... it is one that peeks out through the things people say & do not say, do & do not do, a belief of the subconscious in so many of us and one that keeps us from having the life we want.
It makes me really sad to have to say this, but most people are playing sidekick in the story of their lives.
Here's the thing; you get one life (as far as we know) and you are responsible for making it into the experience you want to have. YOU are the main character of your life. You deserve to be happy and have the life experience you want to have; the catch is that there are no instructions and you have to find your own path to get there.
I'm not suggesting that you have to go out there and do some amazing feat or achieve fame and fortune... most of us don't really want that kind of life. What I'm saying is that you owe yourself the chance to live your dreams instead of the dreams of all the people who tell you how you should be living your life. No one but you can know what life will make you wake up excited to bounce into the morning; no one but you can know what will make you feel at peace one day (I hope many years from now) when you are laying in bed, dying, and taking stock of the life you chose to live.
I dare you to stop and think for a bit about your own life; are you happy? Are you fulfilled? Do you feel like you are living the life you want to live? If you have said no to any of those questions then I'd say you have some thinking to do. Part of that thinking should probably include one truth I've found to be the most useful yet hardest pill that all of us need to swallow: we only have power where we are willing to accept responsibility.
We vicariously live the spoiled and extravagant lives of oligarchs and billionaires, of celebrities and influencers-- have you ever asked yourself why they should be free to live the story they want and you should not? You are not less worthy than any of those people-- unless you make yourself so in the theater of your mind.
We each were born as sweet, innocent, pure little bulbs of potential and I can find no evidence to support the view that any infant is more or less worthy than another-- some are just more or less lucky.
There is one little caveat, though, and it is pretty important that you keep this front and center in your mind. Everyone else deserves to be the superhero of their own lives too, and as much as you are as worthy as any of them; they also are just as worthy of living the lives they want to live as you.
If you find you aren't living the life you want, it is vital that you are careful and considerate when choosing how to align it with who you truly are. Being the star of your life's movie doesn't mean you don't have to honor your commitments or fulfill your responsibilities. I call the process of putting your life on the path that you really want to be adventuring on "learning how to be in integrity with yourself." I call it that because it requires claiming and accepting all of yourself (even the parts you don't like) and then making yourself into the person you want to be so that you can live the life you want to live. This is no quick fix-- but it works.
I want to challenge each of you to take some time to think about your life; to check in and be sure you aren't living someone else's life on accident. If you feel like you need some help finding your way I invite you to message me and we can arrange a complimentary consultation-- If nothing else, maybe I can point you in your right direction.