Pages (and embedding/levels)


1. Home
   1. Contents on homepage
      1. Link & preview of latest article/blog post & podcast (text & media)
      2. Coming Events
      3. Social Media Links
      4. Program Enrollment Links (to program pages)
2. About Us
   1. About Us page content
      1. Founders’ Bios & Pictures
         1. Juliette Creech
            1.      I think I must be one of the luckiest people in the whole world and I hope my journey can help others overcome and thrive as I have learned to do. I was born into a violent, cruel, abusive, and neglectful life– the sort of start that condemns 99.9% of kids like I was to prison, addiction, poverty, homelessness, hopelessness, and despair.  I don’t know why or how I got so lucky but I do know that I can’t wait to spend the rest of my life sharing my good fortune with as many people as I possibly can.
    Getting out of the darkness and healing from the damage of severe and chronic child abuse & neglect was a long and difficult road because I couldn’t find the support I needed to heal. The books I needed, the therapy I required, and the tools that actually helped me did not exist while I was trying to recover– I had to create them and I’m going to try to make sure that others don’t face the same absence. 
    I’ve worked as a therapist and coach since 2012 and over the years I have created a robust methodology that is multi-dimensional and effective.  
    Most people build their “me” before they even learn to understand language; my abuse was so severe and started so early that instead of building a self I locked myself inside and only occasionally peeked outside to see if it was safe yet to do this thing called life.  When I finally was safe, in my 20’s, I faced the monumental task of creating myself as I should have in infancy. The upside to this is that in order to do this I had to develop mental skills and abilities, consciously, that most people don’t ever get to see or learn to use when they are old enough to do so with intention.  It took more than a decade to successfully manage that task.
    This strange and exceptional journey, along with my clinical education & experience, is the basis of my coaching methodologies and philosophy. In order to build my mind I had to learn how to understand it, decode it, manipulate it, change it, and ultimately how to become the trustworthy leader of my inner universe.  These skills, and alternative pathways I’ve discovered through my clinical work, are the foundation of what we share and teach at GMI.
    I very literally view myself as my greatest work of art. I have created and curated every inch of my inner self and it is a magical thing to allow yourself to become so empowered.  I believe you, also, are a masterpiece of your own making and I’d love to invite you to join me in learning to direct the sculpting and become the you that you always wished you could come to be.           
   2. Mission & Vision statements
   1. Mission: It is the mission of the Greatest Masterpiece Institute to help people craft and live the life they wish they could live. We believe that every person is an artist of self and that our lives and inner worlds are the mediums with which we sculpt ourselves into the people we were born to become. We assist in the self-creation process by providing coaching, workshops, resources,coach training & certification, and a community of like-minded people to support us all throughout our journeys.
   2. Vision: GMI will become a global coaching institute that offers coaching, training, resources, and Juliette’s cutting-edge methodologies for personal development through online, in-person, and publicly disseminated content.
   3. Timeline/history
   1. 2015– SBPPS established
   2. 2023– GMI Established
   2. Drop down menu (link to pages)
   1. Employment & Volunteer Opportunities
   1. Content: Join us at GMI! Are you passionate about helping others and the GMI methodology? Help us help others by volunteering or working with us.
   1. Volunteer openings
   2. Employment openings
   2. Press Kit
   1. I’ll need to research this
   3. FAQs
   3. Podcast
   1. Content: Links and summaries of past and upcoming podcast episodes
   2. Volunteer request: We are looking for volunteers to be on our show! We seek people to join us to be interviewed, to have a mini coaching session, and we also love to have guest experts who have something interesting to share related to personal growth or self-actualization.
   3. Link to Press Kit
   4. Coaching
   1. Coaching page content:
   1. Coaching Philosophy 
   1.      When you tell a child to do or be something and they can’t accomplish it they, almost always, blame themselves for their inability.  Building myself as an adult, rather than infant, gave me the advantage of brain development that allowed me to see that the tools or guidance was faulty rather than myself– and this is the first pillar of my coaching methodology.
    We all have an inner drive to become more and more true to our authentic self, this drive is the impetus for our life-long growth and also the source of much of our deepest dissatisfaction. Most of us have been taught to look outside of ourselves for the answers to the riddle of our happiness but the truth is that the most truthful answers to our personal puzzle lie deeply buried within us; they await our excavation and execution.
    All GMI coaching strands begin with the idea that each person is unique and has their own recipe for achieving happiness in whatever way they define happiness to be. We view the path to happiness as a holistic and integrative process that is best discovered through self-awareness, acceptance, and experimentation. 
    Our coaches seek to help you come to understand yourself deeply, to help you develop tools that establish mastery of your inner world, and help you learn how to use your strengths and resources to most effectively counter your challenges and limitations.
    As holistic and systemic practitioners, we offer coaching services in the areas of developing control over your mental experiences (emotion & thought management), rebalancing your system of self in order to overcome maladaptive patterns and habits, social skills awareness & development, couples coaching, parental coaching, and coaching to help gifted people better understand themselves and navigate a world that isn’t built for the kind of mind they possess– in addition to general life & compassion coaching. Please contact us today; I look forward to seeing how GMI can help you become your greatest masterpiece too!
   2. The goal of coaching at GMI is always to work ourselves out of a job as quickly and effectively as possible. In order to make sure we meet this goal (in a good way) we are committed to offering coaching that teaches the client how to self-coach; we seek to teach you how to identify, understand, and modify yourself on your own. Throughout the coaching process you will be learning a great deal about your brain and mind so that you can sculpt your own internal coach and create your own tools for growth and expansion in the future.
      2. Individual Coaching
      1.      Individual coaching at GMI is provided by Juliette and our staff coaches in each of our strands of focus. When you contact GMI we will schedule a complimentary consultation session with Juliette, or your assigned coach, so that we can both know if we connect well, understand each other, and to make sure that we are the right people to help you with your current circumstances. 
    Once a coaching agreement is reached, most clients meet weekly with their coach at first and then reduce to biweekly and then monthly sessions.  We evaluate progress informally during each session, and more comprehensively every four sessions, in order to make sure that you are making adequate progress toward your goals and to avoid wasting your time if plans need to be modified. 
    Every week during your coaching experience you will have your session, be given homework to work on during the week, you will keep a journal of your progress, and complete pre & post session evaluations to make sure we are using your time in the best ways to meet your goals. Your coach, in addition to sessions, will provide you with tools, assessments, and resources via your shared folder and will be available for between-session questions via text or email.
         3. Group Coaching
         1. Blurb
         4. Coaching Programs
         1. Blurb
         2. Drop down menu: Coaching Program pages
         1. Mind Mastery (landing page)
         2. Suma Coaching (landing page)
         3. Co-Creation (Couples) Coaching (landing page)
         4. Gifted (landing page)
         5. Social Mirror (landing page)
         6. Parenting
         5. Coach Training & Certification
         1. Coach training & cert page content
         1. Philosophy
         2. Methodology
         3. Structure
         4. Certification
         2. Drop down menu
         1. Basic– Mind Mastery (self-actualization/ life coaching)
         2. Advanced Mind Mastery
         3. Suma Coaching
         4. Co-Creation
         5. Gifted 
         6. Social Mirror
         7. Parenting
         6. Contact 
         1. Content: Email form, contact info,direct links to program landing pages
         2. Drop down: Scheduling (link to scheduling app or plug in)
         7. Community (membership site)